[Terra-Button-Group] Fixes accessibility issues of button-group (#3857)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-button-group/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> *Fixed
>   *Fixed Terra- Button Group Accessiblity Issues.

Reviewer: Needs a correction ! Alignment is not matching with existing logs

```suggestion

* Fixed
  * Fixed Terra- Button Group Accessibility Issues.
```

Author: I have made change as per Suggestion.

## Unreleased

*Fixed

>   *Fixed Terra- Button Group Accessiblity Issues.

Reviewer 2: This is too vague. What ate the accessibility issues you fixed?

Reviewer 3: Updated doc file

> 
> *Fixed
>   *Fixed visual focus When using SR and added Cyclic Behavior for terra button group.
> 

Reviewer 2: Corrections:
- Since you're adding a new feature, that should be a separate entry under `Added`.
- Screenreader should be fully spelled out
- Markdown syntax requires a space after `*` for bullet points.
- "Cyclic Behavior" is not a proper noun and does not need to be capitalized.
- This is a dedicated CHANGELOG file for terra button group so we don't need to explicitly state that.

```suggestion

* Fixed
  * Fixed visual focus when using screenreaders.
  
 * Added
   * Added cyclic behavior when navigating through buttons with a keyboard.

```

Reviewer 3: Updated doc file - [1b80e6a](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/3857/commits/1b80e6a33f8584d5fb55dfb752f2bf6c005407f5)
